<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_cp2_xjc_kyb">
    <title><b>Introduction</b></title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Welcome to the CentreStack Web Portal User Guide. This guide describes web portal
            functionality for users as well as administrators in CentreStack.</p>
        <p>CentreStack helps businesses mobilize their file servers by enhancing existing Windows
            file servers with secure remote acccess, mobile file sharing, data protection and cloud
            migration, while addressing business concerns about security, privacy, compliance and
            control.</p>
        <p>CentreStack adds ransomware protection and automatic alert mechanism to your file
            servers. It continously monitors all the CentreStack clients for any unusual activity
            and will automatically shut them down if it sees a possible attack.</p>
        <p>CentreStack removes any need for businesses to rely on a VPN or a company computer to
            securely access files. With CentreStack, data sprawl is eliminated as data stays on
            local file servers and mobile productivity is balanced by centralized management and
            access controls.</p>
        <p>CentreStack natively integrates with Active Directory and maintains all the existing NTFS
            permissions and there is no need to recreate any user identities. With military grade
            encryption and secure connections, use existing users and permissions to save setup time
            and money. files stay on local file servers and encrypted at the end point cache.</p>
        <p>CentreStack includes the backend CentreStack server, which runs on Windows server
            platform, and front end client applications for Microsoft Windows, Mac OSx, and mobile
            clients for the Android and Apple iOS operating systems.</p>
        <p>The Web portal is an important part of the solution for the following reasons:<ul
                id="ul_cxj_klc_kyb">
                <li>most of the management work is done on the web portal.</li>
                <li>downloading other native client agent softwares starts from the web portal.</li>
                <li>web browser file manager have rich and responsive feature to manage files,
                    sharing and collaboration.</li>
            </ul></p>
        <note id="note_l2p_tkc_kyb">
            <p>The web portal user guide is updated for version 11.9.9226.48971</p>
        </note>
    </conbody>
</concept>
